My name is Akil.
When I was 18,
my family moved to a new city.
It was bad enough
leaving my friends behind.
But now,
I wasn’t sure
if I could make new ones.
My parents seemed really happy.
I didn’t want
to make them feel bad
by telling them how I really felt.
The new school
wasn’t much better
until I met Cameron.
He seemed
like a pretty cool guy.
Soon, his friends
became my friends.
. . . something that David
believed was true,
he actually proved it
by the association that he kept.
We think about one
of the closest friendships
recorded in the Scriptures,
and it was
that of David and Jonathan.
What was it that David and Jonathan
shared in common?
It wasn’t their age.
Akil,
you were texting in the meeting.
I shouldn’t have sent the text.
I’m sorry.
But Cameron is a good person.
He might even study one day.
I understand that, Akil.
But we all have to be careful
with how much time
we spend with people
that don’t love Jehovah.
See,
their values are just different.
You know
what Proverbs 13:20 says:
‘Walk with those who are wise.’
So why don’t you seek out
friends who love Jehovah?
And you will make friends
that last a lifetime.
How am I supposed to do that?
There’s no one my age
in the congregation.
Akil, good friends
can come from unexpected places.
Mom,
I had good friends
—back home.
We all felt bad that night.
The next day,
Cameron posted pictures
of a party he had.
My parents were right.
I broke off my association
with Cameron
and his friends,
but I still felt
lost.
Hi, Akil?
Do you have
field service plans for Saturday?
Ah, no.
Good.
Now you do.
I’ll see you
at the 9:30 a.m. meeting, OK?
After service,
Max had the group
over for refreshments.
Did you take these?
Do you like them?
Yeah.
My wife,
she was always the photographer.
She loved photography.
And then one anniversary
she went out and bought me a camera,
and from that moment on,
I was hooked too.
Time flies so quickly.
It’s hard to believe
she passed away 12 years ago now.
I’m sorry.
It’s OK.
But you still take pictures?
I do.
I really enjoy photography.
There’s something about being close
to Jehovah’s creation.
It reminds me
that we’re never really alone,
you know?
Good friends can come
from unexpected places
and unexpected ages.
As I spent more time with Max,
I realized it was
just like David and Jonathan.
Their friendship was based,
not on age,
but on their love for Jehovah.
And they helped each other.
And with Max’s help,
I was able to keep
a good spiritual routine
without interruption.
Although we weren’t the same age,
Max became my good friend.
I just needed to see
what was right
in front of me.